You don't need a husband, I'm wrong, shut up.
The young man.
I know it's wrong.
Please let me go.
Listen.
In your previous life, you despised my life.
If you beat me to death in this life, you will finally get the reward you deserve.
Next is Li Van Hao, Vu Phong.
Dad, I'm sorry.
I can't blame you for this if I hurt you.
Who can think
The game company has been losing money for years.
There will suddenly be an explosive game.
Who can think
New government team will delay renovation of new district
Hey.
This is all fate.
But Dad, what are we going to do?
All our family's money was stranded.
Do you really want real life?
Accept.
There's still a chance.
What chance?
As long as you agree to marry a young man.
We have a chance.
Take back what was lost.
Sister, promise.
Dad, I promise.